---           
layout: post
title: We Broke Our Vows
date: 2004-10-19 09:23:00 UTC
updated: 2004-10-19 09:23:00 UTC
comments: false
categories: General Events
---
Well, it finally happened. We new it probably would sooner or later. That vow that we took during our wedding ceremony just didn't take. Things have been leading up to it, but you just don't head the warning signs. Kim and I had both been searching for that one that's just right for us. And this last Saturday it happened. We went up to Ames for our romantic get away and after finding a hotel with a Jacuzzi in the room Kim thought we should tour the auto lots. The first lot we drove through was Willey's Ford dealership. We found a couple of "them" that we thought were in good shape so we decided to go for a test drive. The first one we test drove was white and after looking at the interior more thoroughly we found a place that had a cigarette burn on it. So that ended that one. But there was one next too it. So we came back up to Ames yesterday to take it for a spin. After some dealing and waiting for them to get it ready we drove it home yesterday. Yes as many of you know we took vows that stated we would never buy...cough...cough...a minivan (Careful, everyone around you can hear you laugh). Well, that changed when Jayden was born. I swear when we go on trips we pack two peoples worth of stuff just for one little guy. :) The Jaydenmobile, as Kim calls it, has all the gadgets and is in great shape. Kim's kind of upset as it makes her feel old. She said it's ok for me to feel old because I'm over 30, but not for her. So, we went from the [Pontiac Grand AM GT](http://www.kevinminnis.com/gallery/index.php?path=pictures%2Fstuff%2Fautomobiles&img=IMG_0169.jpg) to a [Ford Windstar SE Minivan](http://www.kevinminnis.com/gallery/index.php?path=pictures%2Fstuff%2Fautomobiles&img=IMG_0009_001.jpg). In all actuality, they don't ride all that bad and you're up higher than a car too. (Oh, and we didn't actually have that vow during our wedding ceremony, but we had said we weren't ever going to buy one.)
