---           
layout: post
title: I'm Back
date: 2004-04-05 22:38:00 UTC
updated: 2004-04-05 22:38:00 UTC
comments: false
categories: Computer Work General
---
Okay, sorry it's been so long in writing. I changed to a different host...not that there was anything wrong with my old one (nata2.org). But, I just wanted to try something different.

So a lot has happened since I last wrote. I helped one of my co-workers get some lumber from Lowe's last week and we came out with his purchases. A guy was standing near my truck and came over to help us load the plywood into my truck. After we got done he asked who's truck it was and I said it was mine. I thought he was going to compliment me on my truck or something like it. But that wasn't to be. I said, "I have something to show you in the front of my truck." Well, turns out he back into the front of it with his truck. His truck had a topper on it so he couldn't see what was in back of him very well. We exchanged insurance and phone numbers and went on our ways. I called my agent and he said to call the other guy's agent so I did. The owner of the other truck had already called in the claim and all I had to do was find a "Service First" location that would accommodate the paper work. So, today I got my truck fixed and it didn't cost me anything (would have costed $840). I'm very glad that the guy stuck around to tell me about him hitting my truck. You don't find honest people like that everyday. 

Ahhh, but you think that's the rest of the story. hehe. Well, we put all the plywood in the truck and had it tie strapped in. I decided it would be better to not go on the interstate so we went home to Dave's house by way of 100th street. Well, at the Hickman and 100th street intersection the light changed and all of a sudden...slloooobaaammmthuud...and the wood was in the middle of the road with cars backed up and we had to load the wood back up in the middle of the day on that intersection. It could have been worse. No one was injured out of both mishaps. So, I'm happy things turned out they way they did, even though my truck got a little hurt outta the deal.
